feat(NIST 800-53): initialize pack with four compute rules (#10)
cdklabs/cdk-nag: API.md

## class NIST80053Checks  <a id="cdk-nag-nist80053checks"></a>

> Check whether the cloudformation stack is NIST 800-53 compliant Based on the NIST 800-53 AWS operational best practices: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/operational-best-practices-for-nist-800-53_rev_4.html.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check whether the cdk application is NIST 800-53 compliant Based on the NIST 800-53 AWS operational best practices: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/operational-best-practices-for-nist-800-53_rev_4.html.
```
